style: docs/ polish (#5234)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/build/dev.md

The source packages in the `[dev]` table are not built or installed into the pixi environment.
The `build-dependencies`, `host-dependencies` and `run-dependencies` of those packages are installed into the pixi environment.

> Source dependencies in the `[dependencies]` section are build in an isolated directory and then installed into the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source dependencies in the `[dependencies]` section are build in their own isolated environment located at`.pixi/build` and the resulting conda package is then installed into the default environment.
```

Maybe this explains it better?
